h1. peg_nested_comments

h2. Installation, upgrading and uninstallation

Download the latest version of the plugin, paste the code into the Textpattern Admin → Plugins panel, install and enable the plugin.

To uninstall, delete from the Admin → Plugins panel.

h2. Tags

h3. peg_comments tag

bc. <txp:peg_comments />

In the @comments_display@ form, replace your @<txp:comments />@ with @<txp:peg_comments />@. 

h4. Attributes

Attributes are the same as @<txp:comments />@.
See "here":http://www.textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=comments for more informations.

h3. peg_child_comments tag

bc. <txp:peg_child_comments />

in your @comments@ form, add @<txp:peg_child_comments />@ at the end. Duplicate whatever attributes you used for @<txp:peg_comments />@.

h3. peg_reply_link tag

bc. <txp:peg_reply_link />

Also add @<txp:peg_reply_link />@ wherever you see fit; this generates the link to reply to the comment.

h3. peg_reply_to tag

bc. <txp:peg_reply_to />

finally, insert @<txp:peg_reply_to />@ somewhere in your @comment_form@ form.

h4. Attributes

* @wraptag="span"@  _(default: span)_
** used to wrap the generated label, input and links;
* @class=""@
** applied to the wraptag;
* @label="Your label"@ _(default: Replying to)_
** used as the value of the @<label>@ HTML tag;
* @back="Go the initial comment"@ _(default: #)_
** used as a link to the comment you are replying to;
* @close="Unchain"@ _(default: ×)_
** used as for link which allow to break the link to the comment you were replying to;
** add the @.peg_replyto_inactive@ to #peg_replyto_wrap.

h4. Styling

Use @.peg_replyto_active@ and @.peg_replyto_inactive@ classes to to hide or alter the display of this tag content in your comment form. @.peg_replyto_active@ is used on reply, @.peg_replyto_inactive@ on simple comment; the second one should be enough to do the following.

h5. Exemples

Blur the content on simple comment (not a reply)…

bc. .peg_replyto_inactive { opacity: 0.6; }

…or hide it with…

bc. .peg_replyto_inactive { display: none; }

…or…

bc. .peg_replyto_inactive { visibility: hidden; }

h2. Authors/credits

Made Txp4.5 compatible by "Oleg Loukianov":http://www.iut-fbleau.fr/projet/etc/ from a Margaret Trauth's code.
Many thanks to "all additional contributors":https://github.com/bloatware/peg_nested_comments/graphs/contributors.
